docs: Adding howto guides for CVEs/USN (#3116)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides.rst

   Create a customised Cloud Ubuntu Pro image <howtoguides/create_pro_golden_image>
   Cloud Ubuntu Pro images with FIPS updates <howtoguides/create_a_fips_updates_pro_cloud_image>

> CVE/USN resolution

Reviewer: With headers (especially in how-tos) I tend to try and use language that feels a bit more "active" because it reflects the sort of keywords users might use when they're searching the docs for something. In this case I'd recommend switching this to something more like "Resolve CVEs and USNs" or "Fixing CVEs and USNs". I'll let you have a think and decide what wording you want to use, I would just always avoid using words ending in "-tion" because they don't come up in searches very often.

Author: Now that I think of it, makes much more sense to have something like "Fixing multiple CVEs and USNs"

==================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    I have this CVE, is my system affected by it? <howtoguides/how_to_know_if_system_affected_by_cve>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Is my system affected by this specific CVE? <howtoguides/how_to_know_if_system_affected_by_cve>
```

>    How do I resolve a given CVE/USN? <howtoguides/how_to_resolve_given_cve>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   How do I resolve a single CVE or USN? <howtoguides/how_to_resolve_given_cve>
```

>    How do I know if my system is affected by a list of CVEs <howtoguides/how_to_know_if_system_affected_by_a_list_of_cves>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   How do I know if my system is affected by a list of CVEs? <howtoguides/how_to_know_if_system_affected_by_a_list_of_cves>
```
